docs: add coprocessor docs for signed apps (#438)
timewave-computer/valence-protocol: docs/src/zk/02_developing_coprocessor_apps.md

When developing a guest program, you would design its Controller (within the `controller` crate) to accept such state proofs as part of its input. The ZK `circuit` can then use the proven external state in its computations. The resulting ZK proof from the Valence Coprocessor will thus attest to the correctness of operations performed on this externally verified data. More detailed architectural considerations for this pattern, including how the Coprocessor environment might support or interact with such external proofs, are discussed in [ZK Coprocessor Internals](./04_coprocessor_internals.md). 

### Apps ownership

> The apps will be owned by a private key, if their deployment is signed by the client. The Valence Domain client uses an environment varialbe `VALENCE_SIGNER` to have its secret key specified for signature purposes. When a signature is available for a deployed app, such app controller bytecode, storage, and dedicated provers list will be available for mutation only when the request is signed by the provided secret key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The apps will be owned by a private key, if their deployment is signed by the client. The Valence Domain client uses an environment variable `VALENCE_SIGNER` to have its secret key specified for signature purposes. When a signature is available for a deployed app, the app controller bytecode, storage, and dedicated provers list will only be available for mutation when the request is signed by the provided secret key.
```

  --features coprocessor-bin \
  --bin valence-coprocessor
```

You can check the installation via:

```sh
valence-coprocessor --version
```

To generate the signer key, the foundry tool can be used:

https://getfoundry.sh/cast/reference/wallet/

```sh
cast wallet new --account valence
```

The private key can be obtained via:

```sh
cast wallet private-key --account valence
```

To export it to the respective environment variable:

```sh
export VALENCE_SIGNER='{"SecretEccNistP256":"'$(cast wallet private-key --account valence)'"}'
```

This will prepare the environment to use a NistP256 signer. All calls to the `valence-coprocessor` binary will consume such environment variable and sign the requests.

To check the allocated GPU workers for the key:

```sh
$ valence-coprocessor provers get
Using valence signer `EccNistP256(...)`...
Fetching provers...
{"owned":[],"public":["wss://prover.coprocessor.valence.zone"]}
```

The user can allocate a specific prover to its app:

```sh
valence-coprocessor provers add 'wss://prover.coprocessor.valence.zone'
```

The co-processor will round-robin the available dedicated GPU provers of the app in order to generate proofs.

> The apps will be owned by a private key, only if their deployment is signed by the client. The Valence Domain client employs an environment variable `VALENCE_SIGNER` for specifying its secret key during signature processes. When a signature becomes available for a deployed app, the controller bytecode, storage, and dedicated prover list will only be modifiable upon signing a request using the provided secret key.

Reviewer: is this section intentional? looks like a rewording of what you have above

Author: Good point; it was a nit to push the two together.
